the think tank 

there were 3 fish and a frog in a fish tank. they spent their days swimming around and looking at the blurry images on the walls of the fish tank...


one day the fish started to talk about what could possibly be outside of the fish tank.

Jerry a GoldFish,  pointed out that whenever a blurry image of a boy comes by,  they get food… and that made him think that possibly there was something outside of the tank.

Murphy the baby flounder, who had eyes only on his back, could only see onto of him , so he only believed in the images in front of him, he did not believe anything was in back of him.

Joey the catfish said that he knew that the images on the glass were only projections, because he always was sucking at the glass but he was never touched anything outside.

Jimmy the angelfish, suggested that there were other creatures like the boy, outside, but nobody had ever seen them.

Jerry then asked Jimmy, "if there are creatures outside of the fish tank,   how far away can they go beyond the glass.

Joey said, "meh,  creatures? there is nothing beyond the walls, I am always sucking at them, and I can't feel anything but solid,  they are just pictures, there is nothing outside the tank”

Jerry mentioned how there were 6 different images, the walls in front, in back, to the right and to the left. and the water on-top. and the rocks on the bottom.

Murphy said there were no rocks, cause he could not see underneath himself.

Jimmy said "well, perhaps the outside of the tank goes on forever”

Jerry said "no, I don't think it does on forever, because our own tank has limits.

they all planned a great experiment, they would send Humphrey the wise frog out the top of the water and jump, to see what he could see…

 Humphrey, jumped as high up as he could and took a look, and when he got back into the tank, he reported about the amazing world he saw outside.

Humphrey said "Behold, I have come back form outside of the tank, and this is what I saw:”

"I saw much more clearly than I had ever seen before, I saw objects I had never seen before.  in such clarity as what I see inside the tank”

Joey did not believe him and said he was making it up.

Jimmy suggested that Humphrey should jump again when the kid appeared. 

He did that, and observed the kid putting food into the tank, and he also caught the glimpse of another person.

when he came back he said "behold, there are other people besides the kid and indeed the kid gives us food when he comes to the tank”

then the conversation was divided,  how far out does this "space” outside the tank go? is it infinite, is it limited?

outside of the fish tank, the kid asks his grandfather,  how much space is there outside in the universe? who many stars? 

the grandfather answers,  "nobody really knows, but everyone has an opinion, what do you think?”


to the reader "so what do you think?"
